h1. CXF-4571 bug sample

As a test case for issue https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CXF-4571

h2. Building & Running

1. Add the following Maven repository to Karaf configuration :

https://oss.sonatype.org/content/groups/public/

2. Install the following dependencies in Karaf:

bc. install -s mvn:org.apache.geronimo.specs/geronimo-annotation_1.1_spec/1.0.1
install -s mvn:com.google.guava/guava/13.0.1
install -s mvn:commons-io/commons-io/2.4
install -s mvn:org.apache.commons/commons-lang3/3.1
install -s mvn:commons-codec/commons-codec/1.7
install -s mvn:org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xpp3/1.1.4c_6
install -s mvn:org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream/1.4.1_1
install -s mvn:com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-core/2.1.0
install -s mvn:com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-annotations/2.1.0
install -s mvn:com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind/2.1.0
install -s mvn:joda-time/joda-time/2.1
install -s mvn:org.joda/joda-money/0.6.soluvas1
install -s mvn:com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-joda/2.1.0
install -s mvn:com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-guava/2.1.0
install -s mvn:org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.commons-beanutils/1.8.3_1
install -s mvn:org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.cglib/2.1_3_7
features:addurl mvn:org.apache.cxf.karaf/apache-cxf/2.7.0/xml/features
features:install -v cxf-jaxrs
features:install -v cxf-databinding-jaxb
install -s mvn:com.fasterxml.jackson.jaxrs/jackson-jaxrs-json-provider/2.1.0
install -s mvn:org.apache.servicemix.specs/org.apache.servicemix.specs.jsr311-api-1.1.1/2.0.0
install -s mvn:org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl/1.9.9
install -s mvn:org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl/1.9.9
install -s mvn:org.soluvas/soluvas-json/1.1.0-SNAPSHOT
install -s mvn:org.soluvas/soluvas-multitenant/1.1.0-SNAPSHOT
install -s mvn:org.soluvas/soluvas-jaxrs/1.1.0-SNAPSHOT

2. Build the project using @mvn install@ or by importing to Eclipse
3. Deploy the bundles @com.hendyirawan.cxf4571bug.app@ and @com.hendyirawan.cxf4571bug.rs@ to Karaf

The error is:

bc. ERROR: Bundle com.hendyirawan.cxf4571bug.app [105] EventDispatcher: Error during dispatch. (org.apache.cxf.service.factory.ServiceConstructionException)
org.apache.cxf.service.factory.ServiceConstructionException
        at org.apache.cxf.jaxrs.JAXRSServerFactoryBean.create(JAXRSServerFactoryBean.java:201)
        at com.soluvas.cxf.DynamicJaxrsManager.createServer(DynamicJaxrsManager.java:74)
        at com.soluvas.cxf.DynamicJaxrsManager.addingService(DynamicJaxrsManager.java:107)
        at org.osgi.util.tracker.ServiceTracker$Tracked.customizerAdding(ServiceTracker.java:932)
        at org.osgi.util.tracker.ServiceTracker$Tracked.customizerAdding(ServiceTracker.java:1)
        at org.osgi.util.tracker.AbstractTracked.trackAdding(AbstractTracked.java:256)
        at org.osgi.util.tracker.AbstractTracked.track(AbstractTracked.java:229)
        at org.osgi.util.tracker.ServiceTracker$Tracked.serviceChanged(ServiceTracker.java:894)
        at org.apache.felix.framework.util.EventDispatcher.invokeServiceListenerCallback(EventDispatcher.java:932)
        at org.apache.felix.framework.util.EventDispatcher.fireEventImmediately(EventDispatcher.java:793)
        at org.apache.felix.framework.util.EventDispatcher.fireServiceEvent(EventDispatcher.java:543)
        at org.apache.felix.framework.Felix.fireServiceEvent(Felix.java:4260)
        at org.apache.felix.framework.Felix.registerService(Felix.java:3275)
        at org.apache.felix.framework.BundleContextImpl.registerService(BundleContextImpl.java:346)
        at org.apache.aries.blueprint.container.BlueprintContainerImpl.registerService(BlueprintContainerImpl.java:421)
        at org.apache.aries.blueprint.container.ServiceRecipe.register(ServiceRecipe.java:191)
        at org.apache.aries.blueprint.container.BlueprintContainerImpl.registerServices(BlueprintContainerImpl.java:668)
        at org.apache.aries.blueprint.container.BlueprintContainerImpl.doRun(BlueprintContainerImpl.java:352)
        at org.apache.aries.blueprint.container.BlueprintContainerImpl.run(BlueprintContainerImpl.java:252)
        at org.apache.aries.blueprint.utils.threading.impl.DiscardableRunnable.run(DiscardableRunnable.java:48)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Executors.java:471)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(FutureTask.java:334)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:166)
        at java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor$ScheduledFutureTask.access$201(ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor.java:178)
        at java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor$ScheduledFutureTask.run(ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor.java:292)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorker(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:1110)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:603)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:722)
Caused by: javax.ws.rs.WebApplicationException
        at org.apache.cxf.jaxrs.AbstractJAXRSFactoryBean.checkResources(AbstractJAXRSFactoryBean.java:315)
        at org.apache.cxf.jaxrs.JAXRSServerFactoryBean.create(JAXRSServerFactoryBean.java:148)
        ... 27 more

h2. Try with CXF 2.6.3

It should work:

bc. features:uninstall cxf-core/2.7.0
features:uninstall cxf-jaxrs/2.7.0
features:uninstall cxf-databinding-jaxb/2.7.0
features:uninstall cxf-http/2.7.0
features:uninstall cxf-specs/2.7.0
features:addurl mvn:org.apache.cxf.karaf/apache-cxf/2.6.3/xml/features
features:install -v cxf-jaxrs/2.6.3 cxf-databinding-jaxb/2.6.3

You may need to restart Karaf to "clean".

There is a jaxrs:ls command which should show: (works under CXF 2.6.3)

bc. karaf@root> jaxrs:ls
  # | Server               | Path                           | Class
  1 | /api                 | product                        | com.hendyirawan.cxf4571bug.rs.ProductSysResource
1 JAX-RS resources

Visiting http://localhost:8181/cxf/api/product should return: (tested under CXF 2.6.3)

bc. {
  "name": "Tas Batik",
  "price": 450000
}
